<color=#FFC90E><b>Keywords for Number 8</b></color>

POSITIVE

Manifesting, wealth, money, finances, power, riches, status, material, pragmatism, the Ego, provision, aggregation, dictatorship, delegation, multiples, business, investment, employment, appearance, customs, skills, exchange, reality, world transformation, executive, professional, strength, problem-solver, organiser, achiever, practical, business-like, decisive, controlling, constant, confident, ambitious, authoritarian, self-confident, integrity, challenge, efficiency, dependability, trustworthy, planner, good judgement, sociable, giving and receiving, organisation, stability, works independently, learning through experience, patience, caution, self-discipline, self-sufficient.

NEGATIVE

Unimaginative, blunt, self-serving, materialistic, ruthless, obsessive, weak, irresponsible, narrow-mindedness, disorganized, anti-social, selfish, instability, restriction, impractical.

<color=#FFC90E><b>*</b></color>

Two 8’s are likely to be attracted to each other’s confidence and contentment.  They will admire each other, and from respect there is a change that romance may bloom.

The main problem for two Number 8’s romantically involved with each other is that neither individual will be willing to make the first move in terms of declaring any feelings about the relationship.

Both individuals prefer to wait for their partner to take the initiative in terms of displaying emotions.  There is a danger that the relationship between two Number 8s will never develop if they are both unwilling to broach the subject of commitment.  If the relationship does not develop, both Number 8’s may decide that the relationship is going nowhere and call it off.

Both Number 8’s need to be more confident and assertive in expressing their emotions if they do not want to miss out on a potentially successful relationship.

If two Number 8s do make a commitment to each other, they will find that they enjoy a harmonious and pleasant relationship with each other.  It will not be a passionate or particularly romantic relationship, but both individuals will feel supported and loved within it.  Both Number 8s will have a tendency to spend the majority of their time at work or in pursuit of career success.  In relationships with other people, this can case problems, but two Number 8s will fully understand each other’s ambitions and need to succeed.

Once two Number 8s open up and admit their true feelings for each other, they will find that they are kindred spirits and will be happy to make a commitment to each other. Once a relationship between two Number 8s has been established, they will stay together for a long time because they feel happy and secure in the relationship.
