<color=#FFC90E><b>The Humanitarian</b></color>

From a numerological perspective, Nines are by far the most interesting. When you multiply any number by 9, then add the resulting digits and reduce them to a single digit (as you did with calculating your Life Path Number), it result will always be a 9. For example,

9 x 5 = 45 = 4+5 = 9
In multiplication, this happens with every number, no matter how large. However, when looking at addition, the exact opposite happens. When you add 9 to any number, and reduce the result to a single digit, the outcome will always be the original number, as if nothing was added at all. For example,

5+9 = 14 = 1+4 = 5
The math behind the number Nine touches at the core of its symbolism. Nines have an unending flow of love to give and they offer it to the world at large. They understand the connection between all mankind and have global consciousness. Nines are humanitarians and when it comes to helping they see no difference between a close friend and person they’ve never met. However, you have a difficult time understanding why others do not share your views and will often preach your opinions. Nines are always tolerant and are the least judgmental and most conscious of the life path numbers. You never ask for credit and will stop at nothing to rectify an injustice.

In this we see the symbolism of the math behind the number 9. In multiplication, the 9 will convert other numbers into a 9. In life, Nines have a strong sense of morality and feel a need to convert others to their ways for their own good. In addition, it’s as if the 9 was never added at all. In life, Nines have a strong urge to help others, adding back what others have lost. However, they never ask for credit or recognition – as if they had done nothing at all.

As with any number, Nines also have a dark side. You are often disappointed with the realities of life and especially with those around you. You have difficulty in deep or romantic relationships, as you have trouble showing your true heart. A Nines focus and dedication to their goals often make those closest to them feel neglected and unappreciated. You see their complaints as selfish and unwarranted and you do not understand why their needs should come before something that you hold dear. This can make you withdraw and turn cold and apathetic quickly. When this dark side emerges, Nines can become condescending, egotistical, and cruel, feeling no emotion as they maliciously cut out or tear into loved ones.

You lack the perspective that would otherwise allow you to enjoy life more fully. You have trouble accepting humanities natural limitations and therefore keep pushing, often sacrificing your own happiness to do so. You have a gift for examining the world objectively. Apply this to your own life and be honest with yourself. While it’s easy to withdraw, you must openly face your own shortcomings to better understand and appreciate love.

