<color=#FFC90E><b>Keywords for the Number 2</b></color>

POSITIVE

Diplomat, friend, artist, enduring peacemaker, gentle, kind, charming, insightful, sensitive, team-player, ambitious, spiritual, well-mannered, placid, just, unselfish, harmonious, sociable, supportive, attention to detail, co-operative, decisive, poise, intuitive, adaptable, agreeable, cautious, considerate, emotional, flexible, loving, understanding, consideration, grace, devotion, the subconscious, balance, mediation.

NEGATIVE

Irresolute, indifferent, unable to take responsibility, fearful, weak-willed, submissive, pessimistic, dependent, indecisiveness, hesitation, indecisiveness, lack of balance, unsteady, unstable, insensitive, inflexible, disagreeable, stagnant, inconsiderate, unemotional, unloving, fears making mistakes, fears unplanned change, fears being alone, fear of the unknown.


<color=#FFC90E><b>Keywords for Number 8</b></color>

POSITIVE

Manifesting, wealth, money, finances, power, riches, status, material, pragmatism, the Ego, provision, aggregation, dictatorship, delegation, multiples, business, investment, employment, appearance, customs, skills, exchange, reality, world transformation, executive, professional, strength, problem-solver, organiser, achiever, practical, business-like, decisive, controlling, constant, confident, ambitious, authoritarian, self-confident, integrity, challenge, efficiency, dependability, trustworthy, planner, good judgement, sociable, giving and receiving, organisation, stability, works independently, learning through experience, patience, caution, self-discipline, self-sufficient.

NEGATIVE

Unimaginative, blunt, self-serving, materialistic, ruthless, obsessive, weak, irresponsible, narrow-mindedness, disorganized, anti-social, selfish, instability, restriction, impractical.

<color=#FFC90E><b>*</b></color>

Although a relationship between Number 2 and Number 8 is not an obviously successful match, it has the potential to succeed.  If Number 2 and Number 8 find themselves attracted to each other and decide to make a commitment to a relationship together, they will find that although they are quite different, their differences will form a good balance. 

Number 8's tendency to be reserved and private will be balanced by Number 2's openness and willingness to demonstrate affection.

In time Number 8 will feel secure and confident enough to experiment with being open and affectionate.  Number 2 will appreciate the love and attention of Number 8 once a rapport has been established, and Number 8 will value the support and reassurance provided by Number2.

Although supportive, Number 2 will not fully understand Number 8's desire for success, and Number 8 should discuss their ambitions with Number 2 so that they can appreciate the importance of success for their partner.

Number 2 and Number 8 will find that communicating with each other is very enjoyable, and over time, will know each other very well.

Difficulties may arise if Number 8 becomes preoccupied with work and material success.  Number 2 will feel neglected if Number 8 takes to working late and spending more time away from home.  Number 8 should recognize the importance of a happy relationship, and try to strike a balance between work and home.  Number 2 should not pressurize Number 8 too much and needs to acknowledge that Number 8 will occasionally need to put in extra work in order to achieve their goals.

A relationship between Number 2 and Number 8 will need both individuals to be committed to its success. 

Once these two get to know each other and find their common ground, they should be happy together and their relationship should be harmonious and secure.