Your destiny is to manifest financial security that allows you freedom to make a difference in the world.

An 8 Destiny number is calling for you to gain self-mastery in a profound way.  Your purpose is to achieve and succeed with business and organization—not to mention personal power, control, authority, and above all, ethics.  The Eight is a relentless taskmaster and demands that you understand and employ all your abilities to achieve financial abundance and also to give to others generously.  When you realize that you’re here to achieve power and abundance and then act on that knowledge, your destiny will be fulfilled. Right out of the gate, you have authority issues.

Do you walk into a room as if you own the place (even when you don’t)?  Watch out for becoming an opinionated control-freak. Steer clear of greed, ruthlessness, or being overly opinionated and over-bearing.  Instead, focus on wealth and abundance.  Remember that as you give, you receive. Oddly enough, you can be extremely sentimental and emotional.  It’s your task to learn to be a confident and charismatic person without becoming corrupted or hardened by power and money. 

Remember that you have amazing potential for improving the lives of a lot of people.  You’re a masterful leader;  a powerhouse made for material success.  You can be easily misinterpreted because of your gruff, direct, and opinionated manner.  When you’re thriving financially and giving generously from your heart, you’re doing what you were born to do.  Your word of caution:  don’t allow the pursuit of money to overshadow your ability to build healthy relationships and don’t be so stubborn!  Listen to other peoples’ advice;  they can help you build your empire.

Your flip-side is that you find yourself in the opposite situation.  The first item of business that’ll open the gate for you to achieve your 8 Destiny is to dig deep and tap into your sense of personal empowerment.  And believe me, you’ll be handed a treasure-trove of opportunities to step up or be stepped on. 

Money and power are a consistent theme in your life one way or the other.  I know people who scoff when they hear they their Destiny number  (or Life Path number) is an Eight (or their significant others’ is an 8) and comment with great exasperation:  “I can’t even hold down a job!” or “If only it were true that I’m supposed to make a lot of money – I’m on disability”  or “I’ve just never had the lucky break I need – I never get a break.”

If you struggle with money, start with healing and establishing your sense of yourself by establishing and acting on your personal boundaries.  The energy of the 8 isn’t an easy walk in the park.  It demands that you dig into your power and move through obstacles – and there will be many obstacles.  An 8 Destiny number means you have to step it up.