Your destiny is to provide a nurturing safe ‘nest’ for yourself and your loved ones.

Your mission is to nurture and serve, plain and simple.  Whether it’s your family and loved ones or your business or community, you are a master at creating beauty, harmony, and balance.  Love (shaken and stirred!) with acceptance is key for you as a 6 Destiny number. 

You have a polished presentation about you and denote an air of authority in whatever you do.  One of your specialties is damage control, so when things are moving along without trauma or drama, you have a tendency to either sweat it (while you wait for the other shoe to drop, so to speak) or you stir things up in order to have a problem to focus your energies on. Give yourself permission to accept things when life is good and smooth!  They’ll always be another problem to solve down the line.  No need to push it.

You may find yourself in positions of responsibility early on in your life and that sense of responsibility will continue as you mature. You’re a people pleaser, sometimes to your detriment. You need to feel indispensable to others and yet resent the fact that others rely on you too much.  Beware of partnering with someone who is more of a “patient” than a partner because you’ll find yourself becoming an enabler rather than a nurturer.  Remember that your mission is to balance and modulate your sense of responsibility – not overly responsible (meddling, self-righteous, perfectionist) and not overly irresponsible (self-centered, judgmental, controlling).

You’re in your element when you’re expressing gratitude, generosity, acceptance of others, and giving comfort to others in times of need.  You express your life’s purpose through love and service.  While you may tend toward self-righteousness, codependency, or fall into being a martyr, your true calling is in healthy nurturing, compassionate detachment, acceptance of others (get past that perfectionism!), and adding beauty and your beautiful vision to the world.